let me come to my birthday
I was injured with Aunt Wang Luo.
Can you be so handsome again?
Hui Fei Yan is destroyed?
Thank you, thank you. Do you dare to run away and rob me?
Yes, let me eat and run this way
What? You are the alien power of the pen
Zhu Tianwu killed 30% of Ximei’s Zhu Futian
You don't care if you hear my name and don't like it
Tell me, like my field, how do you want to die?
You think you can kill me
Little did he know that I had already broken through the human mirror
I'll pass you by this time
It's you who wants to know how to use it
But it’s just a brain-shirt, a brain-shirt, a brain-shirt
I'll tie it up in jade, right? Five four four five.
I triumph over others
Just invincible
No one owes me anything, I become the wind
How can I survive?